Example 1 -> Facebook facial recognition.

Everybody knows this when you upload a photo.
Facebook somehow knows already who your friends are and tags them automatically.
Well that's a machine learning algorithm in action.

There's a device or still is you can still buy.
It's called connected really didn't really lift off but that's like a marketing thing but it's a really 
cool device.
It looks at your actions and you don't have to have a joystick and you can play games on your X-Box and actually 
it uses a machine learning algorithm called random forest which will discuss in great detail 
inside this class.

Then there's the virtual reality headsets where you turn your head and the picture moves and how does
the machine know how does headset know what to portray.
Well that's a machine learning algorithm monitoring your actions and connecting them to the game or
whatever you're looking at then on your phone so you have an iPhone.
You'll see this little button where you can do text to speech to text or voice recognition.
And when you click that button it recognizes what you're saying well that's a machine learning algorithm
in action again.

Then we've got robot dogs and they learn how to walk and it's very interesting how they teach them how
to walk.
They don't just put an algorithm in them.
Most of the time they actually use a good algorithm or a machine a learning method called reinforcement
learning so that dogs learn how to walk on their own.
Very interesting and one other thing that I will discuss inside the score.

So Facebook ads they know you better than you know yourself.
Machine learning.
Amazon Netflix audible all use machine learning for their recommender systems.

Machine learning is used in medicine.
I personally know a data scientist who uses machine learning to save lives of people on a daily basis.

Machine learning is used in space to recognize certain areas of the world through maps and machine learning
is used to explore new territories such as Mars.
